feat(curriculum) : convert spinal case challenge to lab (#62117)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lab-spinal-case-converter/a103376db3ba46b2d50db289.md

---
id: a103376db3ba46b2d50db289
title: Implement a Spinal Case Converter
challengeType: 26
dashedName: implement-a-spinal-case-converter
---

# --description--

Spinal case is a string format where all words are in lowercase and separated by hyphens. `"this-is-spinal-tap"` is an example of a string in spinal case.

In this lab, you will create a function that converts a given string to spinal case.

**Objective**: Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories:**

1. You should create a function named `spinalCase`.
2. The `spinalCase` function should take a single argument, a string.

> 3. The `spinalCase` function should return the string in spinal case format.
> 4. `spinalCase("JavaScript is awesome")` should return the string `javascript-is-awesome`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `spinalCase` function should return the string in spinal case format. For example, if the argument is `JavaScript is awesome`, the function should return `javascript-is-awesome`.
```
